DO NOT LINK TO THIS
http://www.greenbaynewschron.com/weekrvw/index.html

hobbit = one of the individuals possibly responsible for: 

                             The week in review, 
                         April 18, to April 24, 1999

                   Leicht's warehouse fire costliest in city history
                   Crews continued to pour water Thursday on the fire-ravaged
                   Leicht Transfer & Storage Co. warehouse, 128 Dousman St.,
                   while local state and federal investigators waited for a chance
                   to search for a cause.
                   Heavy rain Thursday morning cooled the fire, by gusting winds
                   contributed to flare-ups more than 36 hours after the
                   warehouse, packed with thousands of tons of paper products,
                   went up in flames.
                   At least 20 firefighters and seven units remained on the scene
                   through the day Thursday. Investigators from Green Bay's
                   police and fire departments were joined by agents from the
                   U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and the
                   Wisconsin Department of Criminal Investigation.
                   Green Bay Fire Chief John Troeger would not comment on a
                   statement by a Leicht official that firefighters found a door that
                   had been broken down when they arrived Wednesday
                   morning.
                   The fire is expected to continue to smolder with occasional
                   flare-ups for days, if not weeks.
                   Leicht has indicated its intention to rebuild the warehouse.
                   Conflicting estimates place losses from the fire at $6 million to
                   $15 million. Either figure would make it the costliest in Green
                   Bay history. 


http://www.greenbaynewschron.com/news/page2.html

                                         Tuesday, April 27,1999

                                         The cause of the fire at
                                         Leicht's warehouse has been
                                         determined to be arson.
                                         (N-C Photo/ H. Marc Larson)

                        Leicht warehouse was torched
                   Fire officials will not discuss possible motives
                                  or suspects 

                   By Ed Huyck
                   The News-Chronicle
                   The fire that destroyed a downtown warehouse and
                   caused at least $6 million in damage was set
                   intentionally, officials said Monday.

                   "We have eliminated all possible accidental causes,"
                   Green Bay Fire Chief John Troeger said about the fire
                   that has smoldered since Wednesday at the Leicht
                   Transfer & Storage Co. warehouse at 128 Dousman
                   St.

                   Officials were tight-lipped about how the fire may have
                   started, a motive or possible suspects. Arson is a class
                   "B" felony with a maximum prison sentence of 40 years.

                   Some of the accidental causes rejected include heating
                   equipment, the electrical system and products within the
                   warehouse, said Rodney Pevytoe, a special agent with
                   the Wisconsin Division of Criminal Investigation.

                   Leicht officials say it appears someone broke through a
                   door at the warehouse. But commenting now would be
                   premature, Pevytoe said. "We don't know if (the door)
                   was broken the night of the fire."

                   The fire was reported at 2:15 a.m. Wednesday. When
                   crews arrived at the scene, the warehouse was engulfed
                   in flames. An estimated 16,000 tons of wood pulp and
                   scrap paper burned.

                   The probe is being aided by the U.S. Bureau of
                   Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, which routinely helps
                   in the investigation of large fires. ATF agents
                   investigated throughout the weekend and could remain
                   on the scene for several more days, said Sonny Wilson,
                   the team supervisor with the ATF.

                   Green Bay fire crews have fought the fire since
                   Wednesday, with one crew remaining at the scene.
                   About $20,000 in overtime pay has been spent by the
                   department for the fire, Troeger said.

                   Having ATF agents at the scene has helped the
                   investigation, Troeger said. "If it had just been us, we
                   would have been overburdened," he said. People with
                   information and tips on the fire can call the Green Bay
                   Police Department tip line at 448-3236. There is also
                   an arson tip line that offers a $5,000 reward for
                   information at 1-800-362-3005.
